Update use-importer.md (#1915)
vesoft-inc/nebula-docs: docs-2.0/nebula-importer/use-importer.md

|`files.schema.vertex.vid.index`|-|No|The vertex ID corresponds to the column number in the CSV file.|
|`files.schema.vertex.vid.function`|-|No|Functions to generate the VIDs. Currently, we only support function `hash`.|
|`files.schema.vertex.vid.prefix`|-|No|Add prefix to the original vid. When function is specified also, `prefix` is applied to the original vid before `function`.|
|`files.schema.vertex.tags.name`|-|Yes|Tag name.|
|`files.schema.vertex.tags.props.name`|-|Yes|Tag property name, which must match the Tag property in the NebulaGraph.|
|`files.schema.vertex.tags.props.type`|-|Yes|Property data type, supporting `bool`,`int`,`float`,`double`,`string`,`time`,`timestamp`,`date`,`datetime`,`geography`,`geography(point)`,`geography(linestring)` and `geography(polygon)`.|
|`files.schema.vertex.tags.props.index`|-|No|Property corresponds to the sequence number of the column in the CSV file.|
|`files.schema.vertex.tags.props.nullable`|`false`|No|Whether this prop property can be `NULL`, optional values is `true` or `false`.|
|`files.schema.vertex.tags.props.nullValue`|`""`|No|Ignored when nullable is false. The property is set to NULL when the value is equal to nullValue.|

> |`files.schema.vertex.tags.props.alternativeIndices`|-|No| Ignored when `nullable` is `false`. The property is fetched from csv according to the indices in order until not equal to `nullValue`.|

Reviewer: until not equal to `nullValue`

what is not equal to `nullValue`? We can make it clearer

> |`files.schema.vertex.tags.props.alternativeIndices`|-|No| Ignored when `nullable` is `false`. The property is fetched from csv according to the indices in order until not equal to `nullValue`.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`files.schema.vertex.tags.props.alternativeIndices`|-|No| Ignored when `nullable` is `false`. When the property value is not `nullValue`, the value is fetched from csv according to the index sequence.|
```
